About Me
    Hey there! I am a rising senior studying Computer Science(A.I. track) and economics at Brown University. Getting insights out of data is something that I really like. Data visualization and machine learning are some techniques that I am using to achieve this. I am passionate about projects that intersect economy, community and environment for a more sustainable future. 
    
    I am a big open source believer since I think with sharing solutions we can achieve a lot more as a community. Therefore I mainly use python for my daily work, and am currently mastering R. On my website you can find some examples of my projects. 

    Have fun in browsing through the content and thank you for visiting!

Projects

    An Analysis of the Impact of Air Travel on the Spread of Covid-19
        - Wrangled with two different aviation(Bureau of Transportation Statistics) datasets to approximately find the total number of passengers flying between any two U.S. states(50 states + D.C.) in any given month(a total of 23,535 data points). 
        - Joined the cleaned aviation dataset, Covid-19 dataset and U.S. state policy dataset(one-hot-encoded) to produce a panel data that include domestic passenger arrival amount, Covid positivity rate and whether a certain state policy was in effect from April to September 2020.   
        - Performed regression tests(single, multiple, polynomial, fixed-effects model) to test the hypothesis that arrival passenger amount is positively correlated with the number of new Covid-19 cases. 
        - The relationship is statistically significant, but is likely to be polynomial and non-linear.   




    Detecting Depression from Social Media Text using Natural Language Processing
        - Preprocessed(word tokenization, stemming) a raw Reddit dataset that comprised of over 3,000 posts/comments by 144 depressed and 349 non-depressed users 
        - Implemented a Latent Semantic Indexing model that predicts the topic frequencies for each user in the dataset using the NLTK library
        - Achieved 75% accuracy and F1 score respectively on binary classification of testing data

    Mapreduce? 

    Algorithmic game theory final project

    Streamlit Projects?  


Experiences

    Office of Sustainability, Brown University, 

    Bahar Lab, Brown University 

    Jobstreet, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

Skills
    Python(Pandas, Geopandas, Numpy, Sci-Kit Learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn)
    SQL
    Data Analysis
    Machine Learning(Logistic/Polynomial Regression, SVM, AdaBoost, Naive Bayes, PCA)
    Deep Learning
    Hypothesis Testing

Relevant Coursework 
    Machine Learning 
    Deep Learning
    Data Science
    Statistical Inference 
    Algorithmic Game Theory


Contacts
    LinkedIn
    GitHub
